Update `USE_TYPE` rule description (#156)
publint/publint: site/src/pages/rules.md

## `USE_TYPE`

> [Node.js v21.1.0](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v21.1.0) adds a new `--experimental-detect-module`, which can be used to automatically run ES modules when ESM syntax can be detected. [Node.js v22.7.0](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v22.7.0) is enabled by default. Detection increases startup time, so Node is encouraging everyone — especially package authors — to add a type field to `package.json`, even for the default `"type": "commonjs"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Node.js v21.1.0](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v21.1.0) added a new `--experimental-detect-module` flag, which can be used to automatically run ES modules when ESM syntax can be detected. It is also enabled by default since [Node.js v22.7.0](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v22.7.0). Detection increases startup time, so Node is encouraging everyone — especially package authors — to add a type field to `package.json`, even for the default `"type": "commonjs"`.
```
